docs(console-mode): improve part of the doc (#686)
Yoctol/bottender: docs/the-basics-console-mode.md

## Introduction

> The console mode is a productivity feature shipped with Bottender. It speeds up bot development iteration by running bots in the console. Comparing with testing your bots fully on the existing messaging platforms (e.g., Messenger, LINE), we recommend building, testing, and debugging part of your bots in the console mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The console mode is a productivity feature shipped with Bottender. It speeds up bot development iteration by running bots in the console. Comparing with testing your bots fully on existing messaging platforms (e.g., Messenger, LINE), we recommend building, testing, and debugging part of your bots in the console mode.
```

> ## Running in the Console Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running in Console Mode
```

> In Bottender applications that created by Create Bottender App, you can provide the `--console` option from npm scripts to the underlying start/dev commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Bottender applications that created by Create Bottender App, you can provide `--console` option from npm scripts to the underlying start/dev commands:
```

```sh
npm start -- --console
npm run dev -- --console
```

> With the `--console` option, Bottender runs the bot in the console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `--console` option, Bottender runs the bot in console mode:
```

Author: `With the `--console` option, Bottender runs the bot in Console Mode:`

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3382565/67745487-57991c80-fa5f-11e9-8eb7-9e4144df9e73.png)

## Sending Text Messages and Payloads

The most common event types that sent by the end users are text message event type and payload event type.

To send a text message event, enter your message text into the console:

```
You > MY_TEXT
```

To send a payload event, enter your payload with the `/payload` prefix:

```
You > /payload MY_PAYLOAD
```

## Receiving the Responses

> Every response you receive from the bot is following by the `Bot >` prefix, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every response you receive from the bot is following `Bot >` prefix, for example:
```

Author: `Every response you receive from the bot prefixes by the Bot > indicator, for example:`

```
Bot > Hi!
```

> Except for text message responses, Bottender displays other response types as the name and arguments of the invoked method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All other response types will be displayed by Bottender with the method name invoked and the arguments the method invoked with:
```

Author: `Bottender displays response types as the name and arguments of the invoked method, except text message responses:`

]
```

This helpful trick lets you test your bots with many different types of responses in the console.

> ## Exiting the Console Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Exiting Console Mode
```

> To exit the console mode, press `ctrl + c` twice or enter the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exit console mode, press `ctrl + c` twice or enter the following command:
```
